for the Buddhist casserole I need eight
ounces of the firm or solid bean curd
cut into 1-inch cubes like this and
deep-fried until it's nice and golden
take it out of the deep fryer or a wok
or you can use a chip pan to fry them
and drain it on kitchen paper and set it
aside until you're ready to use it now
I'm going to prepare the vegetable for
the Buddhist casserole for this I'm
using a selection of different
vegetables that will be cut in different
ways but all to ensure even cooking for
this I'm using four ounces of broccoli
cut the flowers off like that and cut
the stems at a slight diagonal and this
will ensure even cooking next is 4
ounces of Chinese leaves cut into 1-inch
strips then I'm going to use four ounces
of Monch too much too is a flat member
of the pea family and it literally means
to eat everything and there's really no
substitute for a sweet taste and crunchy
texture and all you just have to string
it like you would do a green bean and
for that I need 4 ounces and 1 red
pepper cut into strips and this will add
nice color to the whole dish and finally
four ounces of courgettes roe cut now
I'd like to show you how to ro cut this
is a classical Chinese technique for
cutting vegetables that are round like
this it's very easy to do cut the end
trim the end of the courgette take your
knife or as a cleaver as I'm using here
make us diagonal cut like that turn it
over and make the same cut again and
turn it over and continue doing that
until you've cut up the vegetable and
this exposes the surface of the
vegetable so that it can cook evenly and
that's four ounces of courgettes
that have been roe cut and also I think
it makes a very nice attractive pattern
now I'm going to prepare the sauce for
my Buddhist casserole
for this I'm using about one and a half
pints of chicken stock and I'm going to
season this stock with two tablespoon of
light soy sauce 3 tbsp of hoisin sauce
and this is a sweet spicy sauce made
from soy beans at a nice red color to
the sauce also 2 tablespoon of whole
yellow bean sauce and bring this mixture
to a boil and then I'm going to add the
broccoli remember 4 ounces of broccoli
and 4 ounces of the Chinese leaves and
let this mixture cook for about 2
minutes I'm adding the vegetables all at
different times because they all have
different cooking temperature some needs
to be cooked more and others need to be
cooked less and the end result is they
must all come out nice and crunchy
cooked at the same time now bring this
to a boil and let it cook for 2 minutes
after 2 minutes add the courgettes and
then add the red peppers red is a very
nice color which the Chinese think is a
lot of good luck now the next step is to
add the bean curd and here's the bean
curd that has been deep-fried and now
it's going to act like a sponge sopping
up all that wonderful sauce
add the bean curd stir it around and now
I'm going to add the March to and the
March to really does not need much
cooking because one minute is just
enough for it bring that to a boil and
then I'm going to add my own touch to
this I'm gonna add some fresh coriander
which is not really a Buddhist tradition
but I like to add it because it has a
nice flavor and sometimes when you look
for fresh coriander it's known as
Chinese parsley also and for this I need
about one tablespoon finely chopped and
this will make it very aromatic and look
at those wonderful colors makes it look
so appetizing let it cook for another
minute and now I can smell the fresh
coriander smell coming up it's very
aromatic and the colors are just
wonderful the red the green the nice
golden brown of the bean curd sopping up
all the sauce and that's my version of a
Buddhist casserole